Update ember.md (#4100)
statelyai/xstate: docs/recipes/ember.md

</this.CustomMachine>
```

> Prior to [ember 4.5](https://blog.emberjs.com/ember-4-5-released), it is recommended to also have the [plain functions polyfill](https://github.com/ember-polyfills/ember-functions-as-helper-polyfill) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using Ember versions older than [Ember 4.5](https://blog.emberjs.com/ember-4-5-released), it is recommended to also have the [plain functions polyfill](https://github.com/ember-polyfills/ember-functions-as-helper-polyfill) 
```

> installed so that you can use `state.matches` and other xstate-provided APIs from the template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
installed so that you can use `state.matches(...)` and other XState-provided APIs from the template.
```
